[Mobile Expert VO] Let's review how you can have great two-way conversations.
When a customer is new to you
or your store you only
have a few seconds
to make a great first impression.
Be friendly and approachable,
and use questions to learn
about your customer.
Ask about their current wireless experience:
What do they like?
What don't they like?
Listen and pick up on information
that will help you explain
Why T-Mobile in ways
that are meaningful to them.
Use open questions to find out
what matters most to your customer
so you can make recommendations
that are personal
and matched to their needs.
This kind of two-way
conversation can reduce,
or even eliminate potential hesitations.
[Customer] I'd like to
learn a little more.
Can you explain the details?
[Mobile Expert] Of course.
With T-Mobile One you've
got a lot of great options.
[Director] And cut!
Alright let's take five.
[Chatter]